Your Zhao family is in turmoil and rain
It's hard to protect yourself
What do you use to protect Wuji, this kind of waste is
If you say so
Then I will calculate this account with you.
Neither of you can leave here today
Mo Yan was just confused for a while
You have to settle accounts
I can settle the bill with Xiao Wuji alone
Don't implicate Mo Yan
Xiao Wuji
You got into big trouble today
Fear of escape
But I have always had the virtue of good life
As long as you break up with Mu Yan now
Apologize to Susan again
I'll consider how to keep you safe
It's not which onion are you two?
Also worthy of pointing fingers in front of me
I'll tell you what.
I'm going to clean up the two of them together today, didn't you hear?
We were classmates.
There's no need to fall out over this
Just give me and the Chen family a face
What are you?
You deserve to ask me for face
I am the second son of the Xu family in Beihai
Ha-ha.
This is the executive director of the United Chamber of Commerce
I thought it was someone
A mere executive director
There is also a child of a third-rate aristocratic family
Ha ha.
An ant-like thing dares to come in front of me
Don't worry.
You figure it out
The United Chamber of Commerce plays a pivotal role in the North Sea
Billions of wealth
And our Xu family
It is the largest supplier to the United Chamber of Commerce
In Beihai, it is also a hand that covers the sky
You despise us both so much
Don't you know what the consequences will be?